=head1 NAME

toggle-screens - switch all windows from screen 0 to screen 1 and vice versa

=head1 SYNOPSIS

 toggle-screens

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The general idea is to easily move your entire desktop to the external monitor when you connect your laptop to it.
Usually, this external monitor is larger and more comfortable to use.
Manually moving all the windows becomes tedious over time.

The C<toggle-screens> command allows you to switch all windows from screen 0 to screen 1 and vice versa.
By default, if there are one or more windows on screen 0, it moves them from screen 0 to screen 1.
If there are no windows on screen 0, it moves all windows from screen 1 to screen 0.

In addition to moving windows, C<toggle-screens> switches the main display.
This means the main taskbar also switches to the other display.
The program requires no additional parameters.

The program runs under the X11 (Xorg) environment.
It has not been fully tested under Wayland.


=head1 Keyboard shortcut


The C<toggle-screens> software can be used via the keyboard shortcut mechanism built into GNOME.
With the C<Super+T> keyboard shortcut (C<Super> == C<Win>), windows switch from one screen to another.

The C<dconf> service is configured via the configuration file F</etc/dconf/db/local.d/90-toggle-screens.ini>.


=head1 AUTHORS

Gabriel Moreau <Gabriel.Moreau@univ-grenoble-alpes.fr>, Grenoble - France


=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2025-2026, LEGI UMR 5519 / CNRS UGA G-INP, Grenoble, France.

Licence: CC0 (Creative Commons Zero - https://spdx.org/licenses/CC0-1.0)
